What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

A. Staging area contains the changes that have been made to the working directory but arent' present in the repository. It provides a medium between the two.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
A. haven't been introduced to branching yet so I would commit each logical change seperately

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
A. When I'm wanting to add different features to a project that I'm not sure if I'll use to delete then I can use a branch to figure out the changes before finalizing them.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
A. It shows which the linear master branch and all the other branches that are stemming from it. It also helps to see if there's un-reachability to a branch/commit.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
A. To merge changes made in two different branches to the same master branch

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
A. Pro being that it does the work for the developer. Con being that it the developer has to do work. Pro
being that this causes accurate merges.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
A. I could be working on changes locally that would make more sense to merge in. They might not work quite well if Git keeps pulling from a remote repository. The authenticity of my project can't be gauranteed.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A. Forks - allow to copy a repo right on GitHub servers without pulling it locally, while still maintaining a connection with the original creator. This is used when I want to credit the original contributor and commit to their product versus creating it in a product of my own.

Clone - allows to pull down a repo locally without any connection to the original creator. This is used when I don't need any connection to the original creator and I want to create my own product.

Branch - a local copy of an entire repo. This is useful when I want to experiment or add a new feature to the repo without affecting the original repo.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
A. This allows for local repo to stay up to date and have all the changes that have been made by other contributors.